If you are reading this post, then you are probably
 trying to transition into tech or you are a junior developer.
 Even if you are a developer who has some years under your belt, this article
 can be of help in some parts of your website development journey.

 In this article, I will outline a roadmap/guideline that will take you from being
 a beginner to landing your first job as a developer.

 I have a simple roadmap called LMAP(Learn.Build.Apply.Prepare).
 First you learn the necessary technologies and concepts needed.
 You then build projects, resume and linkedin profile.
 After these steps, you can start applying for jobs.
 As you are applying, you have to start preparing for interviews by learning Data Structures and
 algorithms.

 Now let me expand on each of the  steps.

 LEARN 
 front end 
 The process of creating HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for a website or Web application so 
 that a user can see and interact with them directly is known as front-end web development,
sometimes known as client-side development.
 Technologies to learn : HTML, CSS, JS, a frmawork(React, Vue, Angular or svelte).
 back end
Back-end Development refers to server-side programming. Scripting, databases, and website 
architecture are the main topics. It includes background processes that take place when a 
user makes any activity on a website.
 Technologies to learn :One Backend language(Node, PHP, Python,Ruby,Java, Go or others)
 DB(Mongodb, mysql,postgres and others)

If you want resources to help you in your learning journey Clicke here

 BUILD
 projects
 After learning  the necessary technologies, you have to demonstrate to prospective employers
 that you really know the technologies and you an put them to use. The only way to do that
 is by building projects.
 ANother reason why projects are important is because, you have little or no experience so the 
 only way to access your skills is through your projects.
 Also take note, don't put youtube tutorial projects like todo app and weather app on your resume.
 These projects are too simple and easy to build and the recruiters won't be impressed whit them.
 Be creative with your projects and also be redy to do difficult and amazing stuff.

 linkedin profile
 LinkedIn is a social networking site created for the business community. 
 The website's objective is to make it possible for registered users to create and maintain
  professional networks of people they know and trust.

Professionals can use LinkedIn to locate employment, and learn 
the latest business and industry news.

For you to standout from the crowd of developers out there on linkedin, you have to optimize your
profile.
 I know a lot of people who got jobs they didn't apply for just beause their profiles
attracted recruiters. THis can easily be you if you take it seriously.

 
 resume
It's time to talk about resume. Your resume is a one page summary of you as a developer.
Yes, only one page is okay to convey all the information about you.
Word on the streets is that recruiters only spend 7seconds on a resume, yes you read that right.
Only 7seconds so you have to put your best foot forward.
The four basic  and necessary sections you should put on your resume are:

work experience
projects
skills
education

you can go further and  add some other sections like summary, certifications and achievements.

 APPLY 
After building your projects and online presence , you have to start applying for jobs instantly.
the following is a  list of some webstes where you can find jobs.

Indeed 
glassdoor
dice
angellist
remotive
remoteok
linkedin
google for jobs
flexjobs
weworkremotely


 PREPARE
 This stage is where you have to prepare to ace that interview and finally land your job.
 There are a lot of platforms that helps you with this, the most popular ones are listed below.

Leetcode
Hacherrank
 Coewars
 Codechef
 Coderbyte
 AlgoExpert
 codeforces
